start of 2022 restructure (#6)
UWindsorCSS/Documents: constitution.md

##### Section 1.2 - Council Positions

1. Head of Events
2. Head of Communications
3. Head of Technology
4. Head of Student Affairs
5. Event Organizer
6. Event Coordinator (4)
7. Merchandising Coordinator
8. Promotions Coordinator
9. Design Coordinator
10. Career Advisor
11. Senior Representative

> 12. Second Year Representative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Second-Year Representative
```

> 13. First Year Representative (2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. First-Year Representative (2)
```

The **Vice President** shall:

> 1. Report to the President

Reviewer 2: Some( but not all) of these `Report to <name>` sentences dont have `.` at the end but all other lines do. Not sure what to do, just wanna be consistent

6. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Vice President** shall:

1. Report to the President.

> 2. Shall act in the place of the President, where conflicts prohibit the president from acting or the president is unable to act.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Act in the place of the President, where conflicts prohibit the president from acting or the president is unable to act.
```

7. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Head of Communications** shall:

1. Report to the Treasurer.
2. Be responsible for leading the Communications team (i.e., Merchandising Coordinator, Promotions Coordinator, Design Coordinator).
3. Be responsible for planning and executing strategies to grow the Computer Science Society.
4. Be responsible for increasing our income by means of fundraising and promotion.
5. Be responsible for growing society presence on campus by means of marketing, social media and promoting events.
6. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Head of Technology** shall:

1. Report to the President.
2. Be appointed via interview process, conducted by the Computer Science Society executives.
3. Be responsible for development, debugging, implementation of changes, and maintenance of the Computer Science Society website.
4. Be responsible for managing the Computer Science Discord including channels, bots, roles, etc.
5. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Head of Student Affairs** shall:

1. Report to the Vice President.

> 2. Be responsible for leading the Student Affairs team (i.e., Career Advisor, Senior Representative, Second Year Representative, First Year Representative(s)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Be responsible for leading the Student Affairs team (i.e., Career Advisor, Senior Representative, Second-Year Representative, First-Year Representative(s)).
```

3. Maintain liaison between the Department of Computer Science and the Computer Science students regarding academic issues and policies.
4. Be responsible for planning and executing strategies to develop student skills.

> 5. Collaborate with the Head of Events to determine events that would benefit students (i.e., workshops to prepare for interviews, co-op, teach skills, prepare for courses, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Collaborate with the Head of Events to determine events that would benefit students (e.g., workshops to prepare for interviews, co-op, teach skills, prepare for courses, etc.).
```

6. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Event Organizer** shall:

1. Report to the Head of Events.

> 2. Be responsible for communicating with venues to organize, schedule, and gather pricing events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Be responsible for communicating with venues to organize, schedule, and gather pricing for events.
```

The **Event Coordinator(s)** shall:

1. Report to the Head of Events.
2. Be responsible for attending events and help manage the events while they are happening.

> 3. Be in constant communication with the Head of Events to help arrange and organize the events, as well as organizing the payment method in an organized fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Be in constant communication with the Head of Events to help arrange and organize the events, as well as any necessary payments.
```

3. Be responsible for promoting other CSS/CS related items to all communication channels.
4. Be responsible for posting photos/videos from events to all communication channels.

The **Design Coordinator** shall:

1. Report to the Head of Communications.
2. Be responsible for designing all promotional materials (flyers, social media posts, etc.) related to CSS/CS.
3. Be responsible for designing CSS merchandise, in cooperation with the Merchandising Coordinator.
4. Be expected to follow the CSS branding style to develop assets.

The **Career Advisor** shall:

1. Report to the Head of Student Affairs.
2. Actively brainstorm workshops, ideas, tools, etc. to improve the careers of our students.
3. Host workshops related to internships and co-op, resume workshops, etc.
4. Be responsible for advocating awards and scholarships to students.

The **Senior Representative** shall:

1. Report to the Head of Student Affairs.
2. Be responsible for representing the views and concerns of third- and  fourth-year students to the executive.

> 3. Be responsible for representing the executive to all third and fourth year members of the Society.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Be responsible for representing the executive to all third- and fourth-year members of the Society.
```

4. Be responsible for making announcements at the beginning of third- and fourth-year lectures to make members aware of society events.

> The **Second Year Representative** shall:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Second-Year Representative** shall:
```

1. Report to the Head of Student Affairs.
2. Be responsible for representing the views and concerns of second-year students to the executive.

> 3. Be responsible for representing the executive to second year members of the Society.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Be responsible for representing the executive to second-year members of the Society.
```

4. Be responsible for making announcements at the beginning of second-year lectures to make members aware of society events.

> The **First Year Representative(s)** shall:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **First-Year Representative(s)** shall:
```

1. Report to the Head of Student Affairs.
2. Be responsible for representing the views and concerns of first-year students to the executives.

> 3. Be responsible for representing the executive to all first year members of the Society.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Be responsible for representing the executive to all first-year members of the Society.
```

4. Be responsible for making announcements at the beginning of first-year lectures to make members aware of society events.

The **Secretary** shall:

1. Report to the President.
2. Be appointed by the president and ratified by the remaining executive at the first regular meeting and from the membership of the society.
3. Be responsible for scheduling meetings by determining the best time for members, the location, and sending calendar invites.
4. Be responsible for taking notes during meetings.

The **Social Media Moderator(s)** shall:

1. Report to the executives.
2. Be appointed via interview process, conducted by the Computer Science Society executives and Head of Technology.
3. Be responsible for representing the views and concerns of the Computer Science Society.
4. Be responsible for ensuring that rules and regulations for our official social medias are upheld.

> The **CSC Liaison(s)** Shall:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **CSC Liaison(s)** shall:
```

5. Event costs shall be subject to audit by the membership.
6. Submit an annual report detailing the society's budget for the past year.
7. Review the financial records with members of the executive at least once a semester.

> 8. Be responsible for overseeing the communications team (i.e., Head of Communications)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Be responsible for overseeing the communications team (i.e., Head of Communications).
```

9. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

> The **Head of Events** shall:

Reviewer 3: Should add a point that the Head of Events should collaborate with the head of Comms to plan for events, promos, communications, etc.

1. Report to the Vice President
2. Be responsible for brainstorming events for the benefit of the social and academic life of students.
3. Manage the entire events team (i.e., Event Coordinators and Event Organizer) by passing information to the organizer to schedule certain events and coordinating with Event Coordinators to ensure that they are attending events.

> 4. Be the final say in which events we will host and create polls if we want the students to decide which events they want.

Reviewer 3: Could be reworded to be more formal ie. Be the final say in which events the CSS will host and create polls if the CSS determines that students should decide which events they want.

> 5. Be responsible for posting events on the CSS website, Discord, and email and work with the Social Media Coordinator to advertise on social media

Reviewer 3: Should be adjusted for the new promotions coordinator role. Decide if promotion activities (Posting on CSS website, Discord, etc.) should be done by the promotions cord and the Head of Events is responsible to communicate and work with the promotions cord to accomplish this goal.

6. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Head of Communications** shall:
1. Report to the Treasurer

> 2. Be responsible for leading the Communications team (i.e., Merchandising Coordinator, Promotions Coordinator, Design Coordinator)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Be responsible for leading the Communications team (i.e., Merchandising Coordinator, Promotions Coordinator, Design Coordinator).
```

3. Be responsible for planning and executing strategies to grow the Computer Science Society.
4. Be responsible for increasing our income by means of fundraising and promotion.
5. Be responsible for growing society presence on campus by means of marketing, social media and promoting events.
6. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

The **Head of Technology** shall:
1. Report to the President

> 2. Be appointed via interview process, conducted by executive Computer Science Society executives.

Reviewer 2: remove the first `executive`

3. Be responsible for development, debugging, implementation of changes, and maintenance of the Computer Science Society website.

> 4. Be responsible for managing the Computer Science Discord including channels, bots, roles, etc.

Reviewer 2: I think adding a `Be responsible for all future CSS technology endeavours` or something similar is a good idea

Reviewer 2: not to mention act as a moderator

The **Head of Student Affairs** shall:
1. Report to the Vice President
2. Maintain liaison between the Department of Computer Science and the Computer Science students regarding academic issues and policies.
3. Act as a moderator on the Computer Science Discord.

> 

Reviewer 3: The Head of Student Affairs should also be responsible for overseeing the reps and career advisor, be responsible for planning and executing strategies to develop student skills, collaborate with the Head of events to determine events that would benefit students (workshops to prepare for interviews, coop, teach skills, prepare for courses etc.)

> 4. Be responsible for photographing or recording events to post on social media and share the photographs/videos with the Social Media Coordinator.

Reviewer 3: Update to promo cord

5. Event Coordinators are limited to missing 2 events per semester or 4 events total per elected term before they are removed and replaced.

The **Merchandising Coordinator** shall:
1. Report to the Head of Communications
2. Be responsible for all things related to Computer Science merchandise (e.g., sweaters).
3. Communicate with vendors to get quotes and work with the Treasurer to secure payments for merchandise.
4. Brainstorm ideas for merchandise and strategies related to merchandise.

> 5. Host/organize any design contests with the students (e.g., sweater design contest)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Host/organize any design contests with the students (e.g., sweater design contest).
```

> 5. Host/organize any design contests with the students (e.g., sweater design contest)

Reviewer 3: Should add a section that the merch cord collaborates with the design cord to come up with merch designs. Merch cord collaborates with promo cord to effectively promote a merch run. In some sections, we explicitly say certain positions should collaborate/manage while others we do not we should fix the inconsistencies. It might be best to clearly state what other positions a role is expected to collaborate with and the nature of their collaboration

The **Promotions Coordinator** shall:
1. Report to the Head of Communications.
2. Be responsible for marketing any society activities and events through our social media channels (e.g., Instagram, Facebook)
3. Be responsible for marketing other CSS/CS related items to the social media channels.
4. Be responsible for posting photos/videos from events to social media channels including the CSS website and Discord.

> 

Reviewer 3: The promotions cord is also responsible for all "offline" promotions (posters, flyers, etc) as well. The term promoting would fit better than marketing. And on line 3 instead of social media channels, it should be communication channels (encompass socials and more)

> The **Design Coordinator** shall:

Reviewer 3: We should add that they are expected to follow the CSS branding style to develop assets.

> The first year representative, and any positions not elected in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first-year representative, and any positions not elected in the
```
